Add section about ownership calculation in Event Hubs troubleshooting. (#1254)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-dev-docs: articles/java/sdk/troubleshooting-messaging-event-hubs-processor.md

When the number of `EventProcessorClient` instances changes (that is, are added or removed), the running instances try to load-balance partitions between themselves. For a few minutes after the number of processors changes, partitions are expected to change owners. After it's balanced, partition ownership should be stable and change infrequently. If partition ownership is changing frequently when the number of processors is constant, it likely indicates a problem. We recommended that you file a GitHub issue with logs and a repro.

> Partition ownership is determined via the ownership records in the `CheckpointStore`.  Every load balancing interval it will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partition ownership is determined via the ownership records in the `CheckpointStore`. On every load balancing interval it will:
```

1. Fetch the latest ownership records.

> 1. Check the records to see which ones have not updated its timestamp within the partition ownership expiration interval.  Records matching this criteria are considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the records to see which records have not updated their timestamp within the partition ownership expiration interval. Only records matching this criteria are considered.
```

>    1. If there are any unowned partitions and the load is not balanced between instances of `EventProcessorClient`, it will try to claim a partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If there are any unowned partitions and the load is not balanced between instances of `EventProcessorClient`, the event processor client will try to claim a partition.
```

> 1. Fetch the latest ownership records.
> 1. Check the records to see which ones have not updated its timestamp within the partition ownership expiration interval.  Records matching this criteria are considered.
>    1. If there are any unowned partitions and the load is not balanced between instances of `EventProcessorClient`, it will try to claim a partition.
> 2. Update the ownership record for the partitions it owns that have an active link to that partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fetch the latest ownership records.
2. Check the records to see which ones have not updated its timestamp within the partition ownership expiration interval.  Records matching this criteria are considered.
   1. If there are any unowned partitions and the load is not balanced between instances of `EventProcessorClient`, it will try to claim a partition.
3. Update the ownership record for the partitions it owns that have an active link to that partition.
```

> The load balancing and ownership expiration intervals can be configured when creating the `EventProcessorClient` via the `EventProcessorClientBuilder`.  [loadBalancingUpdateInterval(Duration)](https://learn.microsoft.com/java/api/com.azure.messaging.eventhubs.eventprocessorclientbuilder?view=azure-java-stable#com-azure-messaging-eventhubs-eventprocessorclientbuilder-loadbalancingupdateinterval(java-time-duration)) determines how often the load balancing cycle runs.  [partitionOwnershipExpirationInterval(Duration)](https://learn.microsoft.com/java/api/com.azure.messaging.eventhubs.eventprocessorclientbuilder?view=azure-java-stable#com-azure-messaging-eventhubs-eventprocessorclientbuilder-partitionownershipexpirationinterval(java-time-duration)) is the minimum amount of time since the ownership record has been updated, before the processor considers a partition unowned.  Ex. If an ownership record was updated at 9:30am and `partitionOwnershipExpirationInterval` is 2 mins.  When a load balance cycle occurs and it notices that the ownership record has not been updated in the last 2 min or by 9:32am, it will consider the partition unowned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The load balancing and ownership expiration intervals can be configured when creating the `EventProcessorClient` via the `EventProcessorClientBuilder`:

  * [loadBalancingUpdateInterval(Duration)](/java/api/com.azure.messaging.eventhubs.eventprocessorclientbuilder?view=azure-java-stable#com-azure-messaging-eventhubs-eventprocessorclientbuilder-loadbalancingupdateinterval(java-time-duration)) determines how often the load balancing cycle runs. 
  * [partitionOwnershipExpirationInterval(Duration)](/java/api/com.azure.messaging.eventhubs.eventprocessorclientbuilder?view=azure-java-stable#com-azure-messaging-eventhubs-eventprocessorclientbuilder-partitionownershipexpirationinterval(java-time-duration)) is the minimum amount of time since the ownership record has been updated, before the processor considers a partition unowned.  
  
For example, if an ownership record was updated at 9:30am and `partitionOwnershipExpirationInterval` is 2 mins. When a load balance cycle occurs and it notices that the ownership record has not been updated in the last 2 min or by 9:32am, it will consider the partition unowned.
```
